RDS Aurora MySQL guide (#84)
spiceai/quickstarts: rds-postgresql/README.md

> ### Follow these steps to get started with AWS RDS as a Data Connector.

Reviewer: Same as other comment. First line should be `# `

> ### Follow these steps to get started with AWS RDS for PostgreSQL as a Data Backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Follow these steps to get started with federated SQL query against AWS RDS for PostgreSQL.
```

> # AWS RDS for PostgreSQL

Reviewer: Suffix: Data Connector
